README.md, before:

# Procurement Living Application

## About
This is an official Living Application example for Bonita BPM 7

This example demonstrates the following concepts:
- Living Application
- Forms, pages and custom widgets built the UI Designer
- Process using BDM and contracts

## Installation

1. Download the <a href="https://github.com/Bonitasoft-Community/procurement-example/releases">application bundle</a>
2. Extract the bundle to a temporary folder
3. Import the .bos file in your Bonita BPM Studio (it contains 3 processes: Procurement request, Init sample procurement data and Create supplier)
4. Deploy all 3 processes (click on Run in a Studio but do not complete the forms)
4. Run the sample data initialization process once and remove it from the Portal
6. Export the Procurement application, go to 'Development->Application Descriptor->Export', select Procurement_application.xml and click on Export. 
7. Export the application pages, go to the UI Designer, click on the Export icon for the Pages 'procurementRequestListing' and 'supplierListing'.
8. In the Portal, as an administrator, go to 'Resources' and add the 2 custom pages .zip files. You can read more about custom pages <a href="http://documentation.bonitasoft.com/pages">here</a>.
9. In the Portal, go to 'Applications' and import the Procurement application.xml file. You can read more about applications <a href="http://documentation.bonitasoft.com/applications-0">here</a>.
10. Run the Procurement application by accessing to this url (the port number may vary):<br/><a href="http://localhost:8080/bonita/apps/procurement">http://localhost:8080/bonita/apps/procurement</a>


**Note:** this simplified version of the Procurement Request process only uses one actor.<br/>
The same user can fill a procurement request and approve it himself.

## Screenshots
#### Procurement Living Application
<img src="/screenshots/request-listing.png?raw=true" alt="Procurement Living Application"/>

#### Procurement Request process - Diagram
<img src="/screenshots/procurement-request-diagram.png?raw=true" alt="Procurement Request process - Diagram"/>

#### Procurement Request process - Fill request form
<img src="/screenshots/fill-request-form.png?raw=true" alt="Procurement Request process - Fill request form"/>

#### Procurement Request process - Review request form
<img src="/screenshots/review-request-form.png?raw=true" alt="Procurement Request process - Review request form"/>

Commit message:

Update for Bonita 7.9.3
This example has been upgrade to use the latest features available in Bonita 7.9.3.
Some workarounds have been removed as better alternatives exist in Bonita 7.9.
The content of the Git repository is now the Bonita project files. .bos file can be found in "releases" on GitHub.

README.md, after:

# Procurement Living Application

## About
This is an official Living Application example for Bonita 7.
It is build using Bonita 7.9.3 and is compatible with any future releases of Bonita 7.

This example demonstrates the following concepts:
- Living Application
- Forms, pages and custom widgets built in the UI Designer
- Process using BDM and contracts

## Installation

1. Download the <a href="https://github.com/Bonitasoft-Community/procurement-example/releases">project .bos file</a>
1. Import the .bos file in your Bonita Studio (it contains 3 processes: Procurement request, Init sample procurement data and Create supplier)
1. Deploy all 3 processes: select the process in the **project explorer**, do a right click and select **Deploy**
1. Run the sample data initialization process once and remove it from the Portal (using administration view)
1. Deploy the two application pages: in the **project explorer**, select **Pages/Forms/Layouts**, select a page, do a right click and select **Deploy**. Do the same for the second page. You can read more about pages from the <a href="https://documentation.bonitasoft.com/bonita/7.9/pages">official documentation</a>.
1. Deploy the application: in the **project explorer**, select **Application descriptors**, select _Procurement_application.xml_, do a right click and select **Deploy**. You can read more about applications in the <a href="https://documentation.bonitasoft.com/bonita/7.9/applications">official documentation</a>.
10. Run the Procurement application by accessing to this URL (the port number may vary):<br/><a href="http://localhost:8080/bonita/apps/procurement">http://localhost:8080/bonita/apps/procurement</a>


**Note:** this simplified version of the Procurement Request process only uses one actor.<br/>
The same user can fill a procurement request and approve it himself.

## Screenshots
#### Procurement Living Application
<img src="/screenshots/request-listing.png?raw=true" alt="Procurement Living Application"/>

#### Procurement Request process - Diagram
<img src="/screenshots/procurement-request-diagram.png?raw=true" alt="Procurement Request process - Diagram"/>

#### Procurement Request process - Fill request form
<img src="/screenshots/fill-request-form.png?raw=true" alt="Procurement Request process - Fill request form"/>

#### Procurement Request process - Review request form
<img src="/screenshots/review-request-form.png?raw=true" alt="Procurement Request process - Review request form"/>
